Address pending issues (#87)
ietf-wg-dnsop/draft-ietf-dnsop-structured-dns-error: draft-ietf-dnsop-structured-dns-error.md

ideally) forged response, as desired by the DNS
server.

> If the query contained the SDE EDNS option ({{client-request}}), and the DNS server returns an Extended DNS Error code of "Blocked", "Filtered", "Censored", or "Blocked by Upstream DNS Server", the DNS server SHOULD include additional detail in the EXTRA-TEXT field encoded as structured and machine-readable data in accordance with this specification, unless configured otherwise. If including the additional detail would cause the response to exceed the EDNS0 size {{?RFC9715}} (and thus setting TC=1), it SHOULD be omitted. In deployments using DNS-over-TLS, DNS-over-HTTPS, or DNS-over-QUIC, transport size limitations are unlikely to necessitate omission of structured data in the EXTRA-TEXT field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the query contained the SDE EDNS option ({{client-request}}), and the DNS server returns an EDE code of "Blocked", "Filtered", "Censored", or "Blocked by Upstream DNS Server", the DNS server SHOULD include additional detail in the EXTRA-TEXT field encoded as structured and machine-readable data in accordance with the present specification, unless configured otherwise. If including the additional detail would cause the response to exceed the EDNS0 size {{?RFC9715}} (and thus setting TC=1), it SHOULD be omitted. In deployments using DNS-over-TLS, DNS-over-HTTPS, or DNS-over-QUIC, transport size limitations are unlikely to necessitate omission of structured data in the EXTRA-TEXT field.
```

   originate from the resolver. The data MAY be retained for diagnostic or
   client security policy evaluation purposes.

2. Servers that do not support this specification might use plain text in the
   EXTRA-TEXT field. DNS clients SHOULD handle both plaintext and structured content. The client attempts to parse the EXTRA-TEXT field as I-JSON. If parsing fails or the content is not valid I-JSON, the client MUST treat the data as invalid, MUST NOT process it according to this specification. The client MAY instead process the EXTRA-TEXT field as unstructured text as specified in {{!RFC8914}}.

> 3. The DNS response MUST also contain an extended error code of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The DNS response MUST also contain an EDE code of
```

>    "Blocked by Upstream DNS Server", "Blocked", "Censored" or "Filtered" {{!RFC8914}},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   "Blocked by Upstream DNS Server", "Blocked", "Censored", or "Filtered" {{!RFC8914}},
```
